Hey there everyone, my name is Zitesh and before we move on into this course, I
would like to take small amount of time of yours to make sure that I share
something very personal to you and since this is a mobile development entire
course, I would love to share my journey of mobile development as well.
See, my name is Hitesh and I've been writing code for almost more than 15 years probably
I guess.
I haven't counted but it's almost like that.
And I was never a programmer in the initial days.
I started my journey as a penetration tester and cyber security.
So security was all the fun that I enjoyed.
And to be very honest, in those days I didn't like programming that much.
I was very happy in cybersecurity ecosystem.
But then one day I found out about mobile application development.
And I instantly fell in love with programming.
The amount of programming that I truly started to learn,
I knew programming before that as well, bits and pieces,
but the real world implementation that I truly learned
was through the mobile development itself.
For the very first time I felt that I not only can create things but actually I can create something very
personalized which lives in my phone and I can carry it day in and day out.
After that I built so many application to help my dad for me personally. A lot of them were very naive
but it was very personal to me.
that first thing helped me to fall in love with programming. So mobile
development ecosystem will always get a special place in my heart because this
is so close to me. This is where first time I saw that the huge potential as
well as love of building something and now we are in the age of AI. It doesn't
matter whether AI is helping you to know the concept and write it faster and
build your product faster or you're writing the entire code on your own
doesn't really matter.
What matters is that you can build something very personal for yourself or some company or somebody in the family or friend and
They can keep this entire thing with them in their personal phone is a very personal device
And not only that once I fell into love of building so many of these applications
Also, I noticed that there's a huge demand in mobile application ecosystem
but not enough people who are taking interest in it and
I saw that a lot of people learn different kind of things, maybe machine learning, maybe
AI, maybe backend engineering or maybe web development but chances are high, here is
the small test, that if you're watching a video on the YouTube, chances are high that
you majorly watch it on a mobile app.
If you're watching it on Udemy, chances are high that you're watching it on the mobile
app as well.
So every single application which is going viral needs a mobile app and I was always wondering why there are not enough mobile engineers or mobile developers who can actually take those roles.
Every single company always struggles in hiring those engineers because there are very few of them and that's what happened early in my career as well.
I started to building mobile apps, I was enjoying it and then I saw opportunities coming to my way.
I build so many applications remotely for the US client, for Japanese client, for Vietnamese client and all of that
right sitting at my home and I was able to charge whatever I wish for because
there are not enough bids on those freelancing projects.
There's nobody who can actually build an end-to-end mobile application and serve it to the people.
And when there is a demand which is low, you can definitely charge.
Now, nowadays, the demand is definitely going a little on the higher side, but still, compared
to web development or machine learning or any other profession, mobile development is
still an untapped territory where not many people are there to tap into.
So...
My humble request is take this very very seriously. This course is all that you need
We have worked really hard to make sure that whatever is required to build a full-fledged mobile application
We serve you all of that material. Not only that we help you that how you can utilize these
Resources and skill to build application that can be AI powered as well
It doesn't really matter whether your app is AI powered, AI consumption user, whatever it is.
You will be able to build that.
This course has enough material, in fact more than material,
that is required to build any kind of mobile application.
We have worked really hard in assembling the curriculum, writing code for it and then recording
part as well.
In this course especially I was moreover worried about the curriculum, the architecture and
the decisions of which curriculum should come after the next one.
We have worked really hard, me and Suraj both on this one.
But yes, just wanted to take a moment to share this personal thought about my journey of
mobile development.
I still enjoy it.
I have a lot of applications in my phone that are very personal to me.
Recently I gifted one application to my wife as well.
She's an avid book reader and she wanted one so I built one for her.
And I want you to do the exactly same, not gifting application to your wife, but to build
something very personal for your friends, for yourself and enjoy the building process,
enjoy the building of mobile application.
That is it.
Let's catch up in next video.